# Non-python version of operating-system

**yorinasub17** commented *May 3, 2019*

This implements the version of `operating-system` that we came up with a couple weeks ago that doesn't depend on python being installed. This is nice, as it removes one less dependency for some of the modules (e.g the `terraform-kubernetes-helm` repo).
<br />
***


**yorinasub17** commented *May 3, 2019*

I am closing this. I thought this would work, but it has a nasty behavior on destroy where the data source won't be calculated because the `null_resource` is gone.
***

**brikis98** commented *May 3, 2019*

Can you provide more context on what error you hit on `destroy`?
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 4, 2019*

The main issue is with the `pex` data source test. The `external` data source is supposed to be able to run whenever, whether it be `apply`, `plan`, or `destroy`. The problem is that the `pex` code makes use of the `path-join` module, which uses the `operating-system` module.

Now previously, everything was implemented using external data sources so there was no problem: there were no resources, so all the relevant properties were preserved. However, in this new implementation, the `local_file` data source depends on a `null_resource`, which is deleted on `destroy`. When that happens, the `local_file` data source refuses to compute the output of the file because I have the `depends_on` link. This causes a chain reaction that ultimately causes an error in the `pex` data source on destroy call because the path separator is not available.
***

