# Workaround for restrictions in destroy time provisioners

**yorinasub17** commented *Mar 27, 2020*

This works around https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/issues/23679, which will very soon become errors (I believe in the next patch release) by storing all the values in triggers. This breaks intuition in most cases and could potentially lead to a whole bunch of gotchas, but I don't see how else we can continue doing this.
<br />
***


**brikis98** commented *Mar 27, 2020*

> I believe in the next patch release

Oh, really? I thought it was only going to be an error in 0.13.0?
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Mar 27, 2020*

> Is there any way for us to internally track which trigger changed and skip the create/destroy steps if it was one of the triggers solely needed to pass data to the destroy provisioner?

Unfortunately, not. E.g., if we use lifecycle rules to ignore changes, then the data won't be in the trigger when we read it out on `destroy`.

This is actually what is highlighted in https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/issues/23679, where they are requesting a `self` block to avoid this but it is not there yet.

> Oh, really? I thought it was only going to be an error in 0.13.0?

Ah you are right. I misread the merge of the fix that turns it into error. Perhaps I can keep this open then until 0.13 and see if there is anything they will add to `null_resource` to fix this.
***

**brikis98** commented *Mar 27, 2020*

> Perhaps I can keep this open then until 0.13 and see if there is anything they will add to null_resource to fix this.

Yea, that seems like the best bet. Our hands are quite tied right now, so perhaps they'll offer something better to work with. Consider sharing some of our use cases with them in that thread!
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Oct 3, 2020*

Closing this as we decided to drop support for this feature in TF 13 compatibility.
***

