# New module: executable-dependency

**brikis98** commented *May 7, 2020*

@bwhaley and I were checking to see if the IaC Lib was compatible with TFC / TFE yesterday, and just about everything is. The only gotcha were modules that had external dependencies, such as `terraform-aws-eks`, which depends on `kubergrunt`. We then had an idea: what if we added a module that could download and install (at least some of) those dependencies if they weren't installed already?

This PR adds a new `executable-dependency` module that does just that. It checks the system `PATH`, and if the executable you want isn't installed already, it downloads it from a configurable URL, and returns the path to that. We could update `terraform-aws-eks` to use this module to automatically download `kubergrunt` (by default into a tmp dir) if it isn't already on the OS. I believe this will work fine in TFC / TFE too, as under the hood, they are running an Ubuntu VM, so we should be able to download the Kubergrunt binary for Linux. It's a bit of a hack, of course, but better than the module simply not working! 

There are, of course, limitations here: e.g., this code, as written, won't work with private dependencies that require auth, or those that require fancy install steps... But for a basic, open source binary like Kubergrunt, this seems like a quick win.
<br />
***


**brikis98** commented *May 7, 2020*

All comments responded to. I also added the ability to disable the module via an input var. Merging now!
***

