# Add required_provider blocks

**infraredgirl** commented *Feb 19, 2021*

Closes #42.

<br />
***


**infraredgirl** commented *Feb 22, 2021*

> Sanity check for #42: do we _want_ all providers pinned to specific versions in our modules? We certainly want our customers to do so in their services (i.e., root modules), so the only question is whether in our library of reusable modules it's desirable to pin versions?

Ah, this is a very good point I overlooked - other modules in our library don't have this either, it's the one level higher (services) that have this. IMO the drawbacks here outweigh the advantages, so we probably should **not** add this.

I'll leave this PR open for a bit to give people a chance to disagree, but if no one comes up with a compelling argument why we should do this despite the drawbacks, I'll close this PR.
***

**brikis98** commented *Feb 23, 2021*

> > Sanity check for #42: do we _want_ all providers pinned to specific versions in our modules? We certainly want our customers to do so in their services (i.e., root modules), so the only question is whether in our library of reusable modules it's desirable to pin versions?
> 
> Ah, this is a very good point I overlooked - other modules in our library don't have this either, it's the one level higher (services) that have this. IMO the drawbacks here outweigh the advantages, so we probably should **not** add this.
> 
> I'll leave this PR open for a bit to give people a chance to disagree, but if no one comes up with a compelling argument why we should do this despite the drawbacks, I'll close this PR.

Note that pinning the AWS provider to a major version number (e.g., 3.x) _is_ something we do... But for the other providers, it's not clear we need it.
***

**infraredgirl** commented *Feb 25, 2021*

Closing this as it's not clear we need this. Happy to reopen if needed!
***

