# PEX support take 2

**yorinasub17** commented *Jan 8, 2019*

This modularizes the PEX pattern in `module-ecs` and `package-k8s`. Specifically, this extracts out the entrypoint scripts that wrap the pex binary, which includes the logic for:

- Figuring out which pex to use based on python version
- Munging the `PYTHONPATH` to include the module library so that we don't need to define everything in one python file.
- Updating the `PYTHONPATH` for the pex and the module so that it works with Windows path size requirement.

Note: I ran into an issue with python2 and windows where this does not work due to imports not supporting the modified path name. I spent some time trying to get this to work, and in my experimentation, I found a few ways to work around this limitation in pex itself, but I could not avoid making changes in the upstream `pex` tool. These changes are pretty drastic that they are unlikely to be accepted upstream, and so I don't think is worth the effort. Rather than invest more heavily here, it is probably better to invest more in tooling to make it easier to embed go binaries into terraform.

That said, FWIW, this module makes it easier to work with the pex pattern for the following platform + python versions which is probably good enough to tide the waters in the interim:

- Mac OSX + python2
- Mac OSX + python3
- Linux + python2
- Linux + python3
- Windows + python3
<br />
***


**yorinasub17** commented *Jan 8, 2019*

> Wow, what a messy, messy business.

Yea I am glad it is all hidden here now in a reusable format so that we don't have to copy-pasta replicate this abomination everywhere we need it.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Jan 8, 2019*

Ok addressed all the comments:

- Renamed `run-pex-data` to `run-pex-as-data-source` and `run-pex-resource` to `run-pex-as-resource`.
- Added a section to each of the module docs regarding the differences between the two.
- path args are now path_parts args and the `join_path` call now happens in `prepare-pex-environment`

Letting the build run, and will merge and release when it passes.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Jan 9, 2019*

Merging and releasing now that the build passed
***

